Extend procedures Amazon EC2 (#1461)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-an-image-for-amazon-ec2.adoc

[id="Creating_an_Image_for_Amazon_EC2_{context}"]
= Creating an Image for Amazon EC2

You can create images for Amazon EC2 from within {Project}.

.Procedure

> . In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure > Compute Resources*.

Author: Applied.

. Select your Amazon EC2 provider.
. Click *Create Image*.

* In the *Name* field, enter a meaningful and unique name for your EC2 image.

> * In the *Operating System* drop down menu, associate the image to an operating system within {Project}.
> * In the *Architecture* drop down menu, associate the image to an architecture within {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From the *Operating System* list, select an operating system to associate with the image.
* From the *Architecture* list, select an architecture to associate with the image.
```
If I am not mistaken, *list* is the preferable name for drop down menu. Also, does the list include only operating systems/architectures within {Project}? If yes, that would mean that "within {Project}" could be dropped.

Author: Applied.

> * Enter the *Username* needed to SSH into the machine.
> * Enter the *Image ID* provided by Amazon or a operating system vendor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the *Username* field, enter the username needed to SSH into the machine.
* In the *Image ID* field, enter the image ID provided by Amazon or a operating system vendor.
```
I assume these are text fields. In that case, this syntax would be consistent with the first step.
